Dashboard Deliverable 2:

Requirement: A blueprint for the dashboard is created and includes all of the following:

1.	Storyboard on a Google Slide(s): Please see link below

Google Slide: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1W40jNMnZmqNyO1W9koNfOlCWMyL6rSrReB-Hw7ZwxFc/edit#slide=id.p
Tableau: https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/hannah7951/viz/Group5_16490108215850/Story1

2.	Description of the tool(s) that will be used to create the final dashboard:

I have used Tableau to create a Storyboard. Multiple sheets were used to create the combined storyboard as per the link. 

Sheet 1: I used a country to create a map by putting longitude and latitude and using color marks to give each country a unique color so it can stand apart. 

Sheet 2: In this sheet, I have shown visually Total restaurant counts and applied techniques to show how many are Michelin vs. Non-Michelin for each country. I used a bar graph that suited the requirement and used color to only give orange to Michelin returns and Blue to non-Michelin restaurants. I have further used marked labels to show the total count as it would be easier for users to understand the numbers. 

Sheet 3: In this sheet, I wanted to show the average ratings of restaurants if they are non-Michelin restaurants. For this, I have created a chart. I have applied a text tool to show the number and filtered it to only show non-Michelin restaurants. The average rating for three countries-France, the United Kingdom, and Italy shows 4.0 while for Ireland is 4.5.

Sheet 4: In this sheet, I wanted to show the average ratings of restaurants if they are Michelin restaurants. For this, I have created a chart. I have applied a text tool to show the number and filtered it to only show Michelin restaurants. The average rating for each restaurant is 4.5.

Story Board: All four sheets were used to create the store board in Tableau. 

3.	Description of interactive element(s)

The interactive elements would be the filter option. I tested the filter in each storyboard and the same filters will be applied to the dashboard. 
The users can choose either Michelin (1) or non-Michelin (0) or both to filter out the data. The filters can provide a quick highlight of the difference between the restaurants i.e the standard required for example the rating shows that a Michelin restaurant on average has 4.5 ratings which is much higher as compared to non-Michelin restaurants which have 4.0. 
